Add Docker Desktop 4.7.0 installer command line docs (#14455)
docker/docker.github.io: desktop/windows/install.md

## Install Docker Desktop on Windows

### Install interactively

1. Double-click **Docker Desktop Installer.exe** to run the installer.

    If you haven't already downloaded the installer (`Docker Desktop Installer.exe`), you can get it from
    [**Docker Hub**](https://hub.docker.com/editions/community/docker-ce-desktop-windows/).
    It typically downloads to your `Downloads` folder, or you can run it from
    the recent downloads bar at the bottom of your web browser.

> 2. When prompted, ensure the **Use WSL 2 instead of Hyper-V** option on the Configuration page is selected or not depending on your choice of backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. When prompted, ensure you've selected the right backend on the Configuration page. Select **Use WSL 2 instead of Hyper-V** only if your system supports this option.
```

Author: If the system doesn’t support one of the options, it will not be available to the user.
